WIP: New README.md (#150)
camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement: README.md

> Repository to describe, develop, document and test the Identity And Consent Management API family

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repository to describe, develop, document and test the Identity And Consent Management for CAMARA APIs
```
Consistent with Commonalities. If "describe, develop, document and test the Identity And Consent Management" is correct I'm not able to judge. Test cases could make sense?
